Update/documentation/extending last looks (#320)
Automattic/remote-data-blocks: docs/extending/overrides.md

# Overrides

Overrides provide a way to customize the behavior of remote data blocks on a per-block basis. You can use them to modify the underlying query input variables, adjust the query response, or change the caching behavior. Overrides are defined when you register a remote data block and can be enabled or disabled via the block settings in the WordPress editor. 

> If you have multiple instnaces of the same remote data block in a piece of content, each instance can have a different number of overrides enabled. The default behavior is no overrides.

Reviewer: instnaces -> instances

> The actual implementation of overrides is left to you. Here is an example of an override that modifies the query input variables based on a URL query string variable. You would use this to build a one "single product page" in the WordPress admin that would be able to display any product, based on the product id. The example takes advantage of the [`add_rewrite_rule`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/add_rewrite_rule/) method and [`query_vars`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/hooks/query_vars/) filter that are built into WordPress.

Reviewer: "The actual implementation of overrides is left to you." Doesn't sound like a helpful or necessary line.

Technically it is "based on a URL query string variable." but that is obfuscated by the rewrite rule. i.e. this example doesn't expect the URL in the browser to have a query string (`/products/?acme_product_id=123456`). How about... "based on a value in the URL. For example, to load product ID 123456, this would define the URL as `https://example.com/product/123456`." (or something better written than that ;)

Also, since you mention this is for a "single product page," we should use `/product/` as opposed to `/products/` in the rewrite rule.

Reviewer 2: > we should use /product/ as opposed to /products/ in the rewrite rule.

@stoph I just saw this, so my earlier suggested changes contradict this. FWIW, I see lots of examples of both singular and plural slugs in product pages. Some plural ones:

- https://www.petsmart.com/dog/treats/training-treats/wiggles-and-wags-freeze-dried-chicken-crunchy-dog-treats-81254.html
- https://www.hallmark.com/cards/greeting-cards/peanuts-snoopy-and-woodstock-hearts-3d-pop-up-valentines-day-card-549VWF8004.html
- https://www.michelinman.com/auto/tires/michelin-defender-ltx-platinum
- https://docs.wpvip.com/guidebooks/get-started/

# Overrides

Overrides provide a way to customize the behavior of remote data blocks on a per-block basis. You can use them to modify the underlying query input variables, adjust the query response, or change the caching behavior. Overrides are defined when you register a remote data block and can be enabled or disabled via the block settings in the WordPress editor. 

> If you have multiple instances of the same remote data block in a piece of content, each instance can have a different number of overrides enabled. The default behavior is no overrides.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have multiple instances of the same remote data block in a piece of content, each instance can have different overrides enabled. By default, no overrides are enabled.
```

> Here is an example of an override that modifies usesthe query input variables based on the URL. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example of an override that modifies the query input variables based on the URL. 
```

> You would use this to build a one "single product page" in the WordPress admin that would be able to display any product, based on the product id at a url like: https://example.com/product/123456

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You could use this approach to build a "product page" that displays any product using an ID from a URL, e.g.: https://example.com/products/123456
```

Author: I agree in part with these changes and disagree in part. I've revised, can you give it another look?

> The example takes advantage of the [`add_rewrite_rule`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/add_rewrite_rule/) method and [`query_vars`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/hooks/query_vars/) filter that are built into WordPress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example takes advantage of the [`add_rewrite_rule`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/add_rewrite_rule/) function and the [`query_vars`](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/hooks/query_vars/) filter that are built into WordPress.
```

    ],
] );

> add_rewrite_rule( '^product/([0-9]+)/?', 'index.php?pagename=products&acme_product_id=$matches[1]', 'top' );

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
add_rewrite_rule( '^products/([0-9]+)/?', 'index.php?pagename=products&acme_product_id=$matches[1]', 'top' );
```

}, 10, 2 );
```

> As you can see the `remote_data_blocks_query_input_variables` filter is passed a list of enabled overrides. You need to add logic to identify which filters are enabled and act accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you can see, the `remote_data_blocks_query_input_variables` filter is passed a list of enabled overrides. You need to add logic to identify which filters are enabled and act accordingly.
```
